Provide OOTB connector docker image (#126)
camunda/connector-sdk: runtime-job-worker/README.md

    io.camunda.connector.runtime.jobworker.Main
```

### Docker

#### Docker Job Worker Runtime Image

The [`Dockerfile`](./Dockerfile) in this repository provides a base image
including the job worker runtime. The image starts the job worker runtime with
all `jar` files provided in the `/opt/app` directory as classpath.

To use the image at least one connector has to be added to the classpath. We recommend to provide jars with all dependencies bundled.

> :warning: As all connectors share a single classpath it can happen that

> > different version of the same dependency are available which can lead to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> different versions of the same dependency are available which can lead to
```

> > conflicts. To prevent this common dependency like `jackson` can be shaded and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> conflicts. To prevent this, common dependencies like `jackson` can be shaded and
```

> relocated inside the connector jar.

Example adding a connector jar by extending the image

```dockerfile
FROM camunda/connectors:0.2.0

ADD https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/camunda/connector/connector-http-json/0.9.0/connector-http-json-0.9.0-with-dependencies.jar /opt/app/
```

Example adding a connector jar by using volumes

```bash
docker run --rm --name=connectors -d -v $PWD/connector.jar:/opt/app/ camunda/connectors:0.2.0
```

#### Docker OOTB Connector Image

> The [`Dockerfile.ootb`](./Dockerfile.ootb) in this repository provides a image including the job worker runtime and all out of the box connectors provided by Camunda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Dockerfile.ootb`](./Dockerfile.ootb) provides an image including the job worker runtime and all out-of-the-box Connectors provided by Camunda.
```

Reference the secret in the request payload prefixed with `secrets.MY_SECRET`.

### Docker Image Secrets

> To inject secrets into the [docker images of the runtime](#docker) they have to be available in the enviornment of the docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inject secrets into the [docker images of the runtime](#docker), they have to be available in the environment of the docker container.
```

> Example inject secrets when running a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can inject secrets when running a container:
```

```bash
docker run --rm --name=connectors -d -e MY_SECRET=secret -e SECRET_FROM_SHELL --env-file secrets.txt camunda/connectors:0.2.0-ootb
```

The secret `MY_SECRET` value is specified directly in the `docker run` call,
whereas the `SECRET_FROM_SHELL` is injected based on the value in the
current shell environment when `docker run` is executed. The `--env-file`

> options allows to use a single file with the format `NAME=VALUE` per line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option allows using a single file with the format `NAME=VALUE` per line
```
